IA-3152: add new permission for forms stats (#1441)
BLSQ/iaso: docs/pages/dev/how_to/add_new_permission/add_new_permission.md

## 4. Make and run migration

`docker-compose run --rm iaso manage makemigrations && docker-compose run --rm iaso manage migrate`

## 5. Add the permission in the front-end
- Go to `/hat/assets/js/apps/Iaso/utils/permissions.ts`. Add and export a constant with the permission key, in a similar way as what was done for the backend in step 1.
- When using the permission in the front-end: import the constant, don't write the key in a string.

## 6. Add translations in the front-end

> - Add a translation for the permission, and its tooltip in `permissionMessages.ts`. The tooltip key should have the format: `<permission name>_tooltip` to enable the component to recognize an d tranbslate it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a translation for the permission, and its tooltip in `permissionMessages.ts`. The tooltip key should have the format: `<permission name>_tooltip` to enable the component to recognize and translate it.
```
